I've already reported it anyway
If you can't come up with this money
Don't be a supervisor
Get out of here
It's cold, knock on the door, hurry up
Come on in.
No manners at all
How does Xu Hui usually educate you?
What's the matter?
Grandma, this is the quotation from Ocean Group.
Please help me.
Ding Ziwen, how do you do things?
A small exhibition budget is needed 2 million
Do you think the company thinks you are super?
No, grandma, this is what Ling Yun made.
And he does this.
He didn't even discuss it with me
It was directly packaged to the Board of Seamen
Now it is said that the other side has agreed.
shut up
As a supervisor, do you still pass the buck?
Let me tell you something.
2 million budget salary will not be paid to you
Find your own way
If you can't handle it
You use the shares your dad left behind to weigh your weight